The teacher is teaching math facts.
The student is learning math facts.
The woman is teaching a math class.
The student is learning about math.
The teacher is teaching addition.
The pupil is learning addition.
The woman is teaching math.
The teacher is giving a math lesson to the boy.
The teacher is giving a math lesson.
The boy is receiving a math lesson.
The woman is teaching the student.
The boy is learning math at school.
She is teaching math.
He is learning.
The teacher is using the blackboard to teach math.
She is tutoring the boy in math.
The teacher is demonstrating answers to a math problem.
The boy is learning math from the teacher.
The child is in school.
The teacher is teaching math to the child.
Class.
School.
A teacher is going over math problems.
The child is learning math from the teacher.
A teacher gives a math lesson to a single student.
A boy, one who looks far too old for such basic math, listens to a lecture from an adult.
The teacher teaching the young boy.
The teacher is teaching the boy adding and subtraction.
teacher is teaching math.
teacher is tutoring.
A child is at school learning math.
A teacher is teaching a student math.
A student is learning.
A teacher is teaching.
A teacher is giving a math lesson.
A boy is in his math class.
A woman is teaching a child.
A child is learning from a woman.
A boy being taught math.
A teacher teaching math to a boy.
The lady is teaching the boy math.
The boy is sitting in math class.
The student is learning new math skills.
The teacher is teaching her student addition and subtraction.
The teacher is explaining addition and subtraction to the student.
The pupil is learning about addition and subtraction from the teacher.
It seems as if nobody showed up to school.
This little boy is the only one interested in learning at school.
A teacher teaching a student.
A student learning from a teacher.
A teacher is teaching a student math on a chalk board.
A teacher is teaching in front of a class.
blank.
space.
The teacher is teaching math.
The student is learning math.
math.
math class.
The teacher wrote two math problems on the board.
An elementary schoolboy is receiving math tutoring.
Four is the addition of two and two,.
two plus two makes four.
The teacher is explaining simple math to the boy.
The boy is learning math today.
TIME FOR MATH CLASS.
TWO EQUATIONS THAT END IN TWO.
The teacher is explaining the math problem.
The student is learning a new math problem.
The kid is learning math.
The teacher ain't bad!
A teacher is teaching an arithmetic lesson.
A young boy is paying attention to a math lesson.
The boy is learning from the teacher.
The teacher is teaching the boy.
The teacher is teaching the class.
The students are listening to the teacher.
The female teacher shows the student the correct answer.
A student is getting extra help.
A teacher is teaching math.
A boy is learning math.
The child is learning.
The teacher is teaching.
This lady teaching math.
This lady tutoring math.
A math teacher is giving a lesson in addition and subtraction.
A teacher is giving a math lesson to a student.
The teacher is teaching math.
There is only one boy in the math class.
A female teacher is teaching math to a male student.
A boy in school is learning math from a female teacher.
The student learns math.
The teacher teaches math.
Teaching math problems.
Student learning math from teacher.
The boy is learning math.
The teacher lectures on math.
A teacher is teaching Math.
A boy is learning Math from his teacher.
A teacher is conducting an arithmetic class for a boy much too old to be learning this material for the first time.
A female teacher in high heels is giving math examples on a green chalk board.
A woman is instructing addition problems.
Arithmetic is being taught.
A teacher stands in front on a classroom.
It is this days math lesson.
A woman teaches arithmetic to one child.
A boy is being taught arithmetic.
A teacher teaching class.
A student and Class.
The student is learning math.
The teacher is teaching her student math.
the student is learning math from the teacher.
the teacher is teaching math to the student.
great looking teacher.
teaching math.
A teacher is teaching math to her student.
A student is learning mathematics.
The teacher is teaching the student math.
The student is learning math from the teacher.
A teacher is teaching math.
A student is taking a match course.
The student is learning math from his teacher.
The teacher is lecturing a student on math.
teaching math to a student.
a little strict in doing this.
The teacher is teaching math.
The student is learning math.
The student is learning about addition and subtraction.
The teacher is giving extra help to a struggling student.
The teacher is explaining math to her student.
The boy is learning math from his teacher.
The teacher teaches the student basic math.
The student learns math from his teacher.
A teacher is teaching basic math to a student.
The boy is learning how to add and subtract.
The teacher is teaching math.
The student in the classroom is being taught math,.
The boy learns math from his teacher.
The lady is teaching math to the young boy.
The child is learning addition and subtraction.
The teacher is teaching addition and subtraction.
A teacher is teaching a lesson.
A lesson is being taught by a teacher.
A student is being taught elementary math.
The subject of the moment is addition.
A teacher reviews simple math equations.
A student learns basic arithmetic.
The teacher is presenting two simple math calculations.
The boy seems to be turning his face to the right, perhaps indicating he's not interested in math.
The teacher is instructing her student.
The student learns Math from the teacher.
A teacher is teaching.
A student is learning.
The child is in school.
The teacher is teaching the child math.
The teacher instructs arithmetic.
The lone student listens to the boring lecture about math.
The pedagogue is teaching her pupil arithmetics for the lesson of the day.
The student sits in his chair watching intently how the master (teacher) is imparting this valuable information.
The teacher teaches the student.
The student learns from the teacher.
The teaching is instructing on basic arithmetic.
The student is learning basic arithmetic.
a kid is at his desk.
a teacher is teaching.
The woman is teaching.
The student is learning.
A teacher is presenting math problems.
A young boy is studying maths.
The teacher is teaching math.
The boy is learning math.
