The waiter is serving a chicken to a woman.
The waiter is bringing a customer a hot turkey.
He is serving dinner.
The waiter is bringing out a meal.
The waiter is serving food.
The waiter is carrying food to the table.
The waiter is serving the woman.
The waiter is serving the woman an entire turkey.
He is serving her diner.
He is serving a chicken.
The waiter is serving an entire roast turkey to a woman sitting alone at a table.
The waiter appears to be taking great pride in presenting an entire roast turkey to a woman sitting alone at a table.
The waiter is carrying a turkey.
The waiter is serving a turkey.
The waiter appears to be presenting a large cooked bird to a solitary diner.
The waiter appears to be standing holding a a serving platter containing a large cooked bird.
The waiter is presenting a meal to a customer.
The waiter is servicing an order.
Placing the turkey on the table.
Asking the patron if it is cooked to her taste.
The waiter is presenting an enormous amount of food for the single woman.
The waiter is serving her order.
the waiter is serving dinner.
the waiter is bringing a turkey.
The waiter is holding a tray.
The waiter is showing the lady a roasted bird.
food.
eat.
He's serving an entire turkey to the lady.
He's getting ready to carve the turkey.
He is delivering and serving food to the customer.
He is delivering and serving food to the customer.
The waiter is serving food to the lady.
A platter of turkey is being served by the waiter.
Delivering food.
A turkeyr.
The waiter is serving the woman food.
He is serving the diner.
undressing the woman with his beady eyes.
undressing the woman with his beady eyes more.
He's serving a roast chicken.
He's serving the lady.
The waiter is serving dinner.
The server is serving a chicken dinner.
The waiter is delivering a fowl to the lady.
The lady is receiving her order of a fowl.
The waiter is delivering the woman food.
The waiter is delivering the woman with a giant turkey.
The waiter is serving his customer.
He's bringing his customer her food.
SHOWING THE CUSTOMER HOW THE TURKEY WILL LOOK AT THE PARTY SHE IS THROWING.
IS THIS HOW YOU WOULD LIKE THE TURKEY SERVED.
This waiter is serving a lone diner a huge amount of food.
This waiter is showing his customer a sample of the chicken.
He's serving dinner.
He's brought her dinner.
The waiter is serving a whole turkey to the woman.
The waiter is seeking the woman's opinion on how the turkey looks.
The waiter is serving a meal.
He is serving a meal.
serving a customer.
bringing out a meal.
The waiter is bringing the woman an entire turkey?
The waiter is bringing his customer her meal.
The waiter is serving the woman's turkey.
The waiter is standing.
Serving food.
Serving hot food.
The waiter shows the entre to the woman.
He displays a turkey entre for the lady.
This waiter is delivering a hot piece of meat.
The lady is ready to accept a hot piece of meat.
The waiter is serving dinner.
The waiter making sure he delivers,the correct meal.
Serving food to the lady.
Proudly serving food to the lady.
The waiter is serving dinner.
The waiter is expecting the woman to speak.
The man is serving the woman her food.
The server is giving the customer her meal.
The waiter is serving the woman food.
He is serving food to the woman.
The waiter is serving her a turkey.
The waiter is serving the customer food.
The waiter is serving a turkey to the woman.
He is serving the customer her meal.
The waiter is showing the woman a roasted turkey.
The waiter is serving the woman a roasted turkey.
The waiter is bringing the food.
The waiter is serving the lady her food.
serving the patron.
bringing the food to the table.
walking by the table with food.
Bringing food to the table.
Bringing chicken to the table.
The waiter is serving a turkey dinner to a lady that will need a doggie bag to take most of it home.
The waiter is working.
I think the young lady likes the smell of a roasted Turkey.
He said, what do you think of this Roasted Turkey?
The waiter is trying hard not to tip the hot bid into the lovely lady's lap b ecuase his fingers are burning from a hot platter!
The waiter is doing a fine job balancing the hot bird on a very hot platter.
serving a patron.
this is one of the stupidest surveys I have ever taken; u people r nuts.
The waiter is serving a turkey dinner.
The waiter is delivering food to a table.
Waiter presenting the main course before carving, for her approval.
The waiter is showing the potential diner how wonderful the turkey he has prepared is, in the hope she will order it for her meal.
The waiter is serving the woman her order.
The waiter is showing the woman a sample of the restaurant's evening special.
Serving dinner.
The waiter is serving a chicken.
A waiter is serving a roasted bird.
A woman is being served a roasted bird by a waiter.
He is serving dinner.
He is serving chicken to a woman.
The waiter is bringing the meal.
The waiter is delivering the meal.
Fjjg.
Krkfo.
The waiter is bringing food to the woman.
The waiter is showing the food to the woman.
The waiter is serving food to the lady.
He is bringing her food.
The waiter is serving a customer.
The waiter is showing the lady the bird he will be serving.
The waiter is serving a chicken.
The waiter is giving the lady a whole chicken.
The waiter is serving the woman her food.
He is bringing the woman her dinner.
The waiter is serving dinner.
The waiter is delivering chicken.
The waiter is serving the customer.
The waiter is delivering a chicken to the woman.
He is serving the woman a meal.
He is giving a turkey to the woman.
The waiter is serving the woman turkey.
The waiter is giving the customer her warm meal.
The waiter is presenting the food.
He is about to serve the dish.
The waiter is carrying a turkey.
He is serving dinner.
The waiter is serving the lady an entire turkey.
As the waiter serves the woman a whole chicken, he wonders if she will attempt to eat it all in one sitting.
He's serving the meal.
He's serving dinner.
