The waiter is serving a turkey to the woman.
The woman is being served turkey at a restaurant.
The waiter is server the woman dinner.
The woman is receiving a plate of chicken.
The man is presenting a beautifully cooked turkey for the woman's inspection.
The woman is checking to see if the man cooked the turkey correctly.
The woman is having dinner.
The waiter is serving the woman a turkey.
The waiter is bringing the lady a cooked turkey.
The lady is sitting at the table with her coffee, ready to eat her cooked turkey.
That woman is about to eat a whole bird.
The waiter delivers food to the customer.
She has been stood up.
The turkey looks delicious!
The waiter presented the roasted bird.
The waiter brought the woman her dinner.
The waiter is delivering food.
The lady is viewing the food that has been delivered by the waiter.
She is having dinner alone in a fancy restaurant.
The wait-person is asking her if the roasted chicken meets her approval.
The woman is sitting down to a turkey dinner.
The waiter is serving turkey to the lady.
A waiter shows his manager a cooked turkey to prove his arm strength.
A woman wonders why a waiter is bringer her a cooked turkey when she is drinking her morning coffee.
The husband have fix a chicken dinner for two to him and his wife.
The lady have order roasted chicken for two.
woman is eating alone.
waiter is bringing chicken.
A waiter is serving dinner to a patron.
A woman is having dinner in a restaurant.
A woman is being served dinner.
A waiter is serving dinner.
A waiter is serving dinner.
A woman is being served in a restaurant.
A man is serving a turkey dinner.
A woman has ordered a turkey dinner.
A women at a restaurant.
A woman receiving her meal at a restaurant.
The lady ordered a turkey dinner.
The waiter has delivered a turkey dinner to the lady.
The woman's husband is role playing as a server for date night.
The waiter is providing the woman with a preview of the daily special.
The waiter is bringing a roasted turkey to the woman.
The waiter is serving a roast turkey to a woman in the restaurant.
This woman is about to eat a huge dinner all by herself.
This lady ordered a whole turkey for herself.
A waiter serving food.
A customer being served food.
A waiter is bringing a turkey to a table.
A server is bringing a meal to a restaurant table.
The waiter is serving the diner a turkey or chicken.
The woman is eating at a fancy restaurant alone, how sad.
eating.
eating dinner.
A server brings an entire turkey to the woman's table,.
The waiter asks the woman if this turkey is acceptable.
Chef fix chicken to the lady.
Lady's chicken order arrived.
The woman is being served an entire turkey with no plate or silverware.
The horrible waiter forgot to set the table.
DINNER IS SERVED.
SHE IS HAVING CHICKEN FOR DINNER.
She is about to eat dinner.
The waiter has brought a freshly cooked chicken to the table for her to eat.
A waiter is serving a turkey.
There goes my diet!
A waiter is serving a whole turkey.
A young woman is about to be served.
The woman is being served dinner.
The waiter is serving the woman.
A women is eating in a restaurant.
The waiter serves a chicken to the women.
The waiter brings a steaming hot turkey to his client.
A female customer is waiting for her hot turkey dinner.
A waiter is serving dinner.
A woman is receiving her meal.
The lady is being served a turkey.
The turkey is steaming.
A waiter is serving turkey to a customer.
A customer is being served dinner by a waiter.
The waiter has brought the woman a turkey.
The woman only drinks coffee and eats whole turkeys.
A waiter is serving a chicken/turkey to a female customer.
A woman is being served a turkey/chicken at a table.
The waiter serves a meal.
A woman eats alone.
Waiter delivering dinner to a guest.
Guest waiting for dinner.
The woman receives her dinner.
Someone has ordered a very basic thanksgiving dinner.
A waiter is delivering food to a table.
A woman is receiving a plate of food from a waiter.
A waiter is serving a whole roasted turkey to a woman.
A waiter holding a roast turkey is standing before a seated female customer.
A turkey is being served.
A woman is receiving her food from the waiter.
Woman is eating a turkey dinner all alone.
Waiter is serving a whole turkey.
A waiter delivers a woman her meal.
A woman patiently receives her meal.
I Wallman out eating.
Are you guys serving a woman dinner.
The waiter is serving the woman.
The woman is being served by the waiter.
eating alone.
turkey.
A woman is being served dinner.
A waiter is serving a woman dinner.
The waiter is bringing the woman a chicken.
The woman is being brought her chicken by the waiter.
A waiter is bringing food at a table.
A woman is accepting food from a waiter at her table.
The waiter presents the diner with her main dish.
The hot food is delivered to the woman by the waiter.
waiter serving turkey.
looking forward to eating this and enjoying the feelingt.
The woman is about to eat turkey.
The waiter is getting ready to passive aggressively drop a turkey in that woman's lap because she is a horrible rude customer with a sense of self entitlement that is specific to the Generation Y people.
The lady is eating for one at her favorite restaurant.
The lady ordered chicken for dinner.
The waiter is bringing the lady her turkey.
The lady is happily waiting to eat the turkey.
The server brings the woman her food.
A woman is being served in a restaurant.
The woman is being served a cooked chicken by a waiter.
A waiter is delivering the woman's food to her table.
The waiter is serving the woman her dinner.
The woman is receiving her dinner she ordered.
The woman receives a cooked turkey from a waiter.
The waiter gives the woman a cooked turkey.
The man is serving the lady a delicious meal.
The lady is being a served a turkey.
A waiter is delivering food to a patron.
A patron is receiving a food order from a waiter.
A very hungry woman is receiving her meal.
A waiter is delivering roasted chicken to a woman diner.
A man serves food to a woman.
The woman regrets ordering an entire roast turkey which, she realizes, belatedly, is a waste of food.
The waiter is delivering a roasted turkey to the lady at the table.
The lady must be expecting someone to join her for a meal, which likely will include other food items; perhaps dressing, potatoes, cranberry sauce, various vegetables and gravy.
Her order is being delivered to the table.
She receives her food from the waiter.
A woman is about to eat a whole freaking turkey.
A waiter is serving dinner.
The woman has ordered Animal flesh.
This woman is not vegan.
The waiter serves dinner to the woman.
The whole turkey is served to a young woman.
The waiter brings the food.
The food is brought by the waiter.
Your dinner is served, madam.
The lady likes hot liquids with her turkey.
a chef is serving.
a girl is sitting.
The waiter serves dinner.
This lady likes chicken.
A waiter presents food to a woman.
A woman examines food presented by a waiter.
