The doctor is giving the girl a shot.
The doctor is giving the girl a vaccine.
The doctor is giving her a shot.
The doctor administers an injection.
The doctor is preparing to give a little girl a shot.
The doctor is giving a shot to a girl.
The doctor is about to give the girl a shot.
The doctor is immunizing the girl against measles.
The doctor is giving the girl an injection.
The doctor is about to give the girl a shot.
The doctor is preparing to give the girl an injection.
The doctor is holding the girl's arm so he can give her a shot.
The doctor is giving a shot.
He is about to give her some medicine.
The doctor is giving the girl a shot.
The doctor is with the girl.
The doctor is getting ready to give the girl a shot.
He is preparing to vaccinate the girl.
He is getting ready to give a shot to the girl.
He is holding the girl's arm in order to give her a shot.
The doctor is giving a shot.
The doctor is making the girls feel better.
The girl is nervous about the impending shot she is about to receive from the doctor.
The doctor is preparing the girls arm for a shot.
The doctor is giving the girl a shot.
The doctor is giving the girl an injection of a vaccine.
The doctor is going to give the girl a shot.
The girl is waiting on the doctor to give her a shot.
Giving the girl a shot.
Telling the girl it wont hurt.
Preparing to give a needle to the girl.
Looking at the needle to see if there is fluid inside.
giving a shot.
taking blood.
The doctor is vaccinating the girl.
The doctor is giving a shot.
The doctor is giving the girl a shot.
The doctor is preventing illness.
giving a shot.
his job.
giving a shot.
giving the girl a shot.
He is giving a patient a shot.
His patient is getting vaccinated.
The doctor is administering a shot.
He is giving the girl a shot.
Giving the girl an immunization.
providing health care to t he child.
The doctor is holding a syringe.
The doctor is giving a shot.
The doctor is giving a shot.
He is preparing to give a girl a vaccination.
The doctor is giving the girl a shot.
The doctor is immunizing the patient.
Doctor is getting ready to give girl a shot.
Doctor is giving immunization shot to girl.
The Doctor is preparing to give the girl a shot.
The doctor is going to give the little girl a shot.
The doctor is about to give the girl a shot.
He is going to immunize the girl.
Getting a shot.
Fingers in her mouth.
A doctor is giving the little girl a shot.
The girl is getting a shot from the doctor.
The doctor is preparing a shot.
Tired of her constant sass, a lethal injection cocktail is prepared.
Will about to administer intramuscular injection medication to the girl.
Will administer medication to the girl intramuscularly.
The doctor is giving the girl a shot.
The doctor is consoling the girl before he gives her a shot.
He is seeing his patient.
The doctor is giving his patient a shot.
He holds her arm as she gets a shot.
The girl looks scared as she prepares to get a shot.
He's going to hurt this girl.
He's about to give a shot.
Getting shot.
From Doctor.
The doctor is holding onto the girl.
The doctor is getting ready to give the girl a shot.
The doctor is giving the girl a shot.
He is holding the girls arm.
The doctor is about to give the girl a shot.
The girl seems unhappy about getting a shot.
Giving the girl a shot.
Holding the girls arm.
He is giving her a shot.
He is injecting her with a vaccine that will probably do more harm then good.
giving the kid a methe shot.
asd.
Giving the girl a shot.
Holding the girls arm for the shot.
He is preparing to give the little girl a shot.
He is going to give her a shot to ward off cooties.
The doctor is giving a shot.
The doctor is preparing to give a shot.
The doctor is administrating a shot.
The doctor is administrating a shot.
Ellen is sick and the doctor is going to give her a shot for the infection.
The doctor told Ellen that she would feel a small pinch from the shot that he was administering.
The doctor is preparing to give the girl a shot.
The girl is afraid of the shot about to be given her.
Giving the girl a shot.
Giving a vaccine.
The doctor is getting ready to vaccinate child.
The doctor is holding child for shot.
He is getting ready to inoculate the girl.
He is holding the syringe and the girl's arm.
The doctor is giving an injection.
The doctor is sitting.
The doctor is getting ready to give the girl a shot.
The doctor is going to give a shot to a girl.
The doctor is preparing to give the little girl a shot.
The girl is a little scared of getting the shot.
The doctor is preparing to inject a patient.
He's giving a shot to a girl.
He is grabbing a girl by the arm.
He is holding a shot.
shot.
girl shot.
The doctor is giving the girl a shot.
The doctor is taking care of the girl.
the doctor is giving a shot.
he is immunizing a little girl.
The doctor is about to give the girl a shot.
The doctor is holding the girl's arm.
The doctor is ready to give the girl a shot.
The doctor is going to give a shot.
Doctor is going to give the girl a shot.
Doctor is patiently waiting for the girl to be ready.
The doctor is preparing to give an injection to the girl.
The doctor is holding a syringe ready to give an injection to the girl.
PREPARING TO GIVE THE PATIENT A SHOT.
GIVING A LITTLE GIRL HER IMMUNIZATIONS.
Giving a shot.
Sitting on a stool.
The doctor is giving the girl a shot.
The girl is afraid of getting a shot.
The doctor gives the girl a shot.
The doctor treats the girl.
The Dr is giving a little girl a shot.
He's ready to give girl a shot.
he is giving a shot.
he is holding her arm for a shot.
Giving a child an injection.
Telling a little girl not to cry because it won't hurt.
The doctor is giving the girl an injection.
He's giving her a shot.
You know me and Dr Cosby went to med school together.
Getting a shot.
giving.
a shot.
The doctor is holding a syringe in his right hand and a girl's arm in his left hand.
The doctor is about to give an apprehensive little girl a shot.
The doctor is preparing to give an injection to a girl.
The doctor is about to give the girl a needle.
The doctor is about to give a shot to a little girl.
The girl is afraid that the shot might hurt.
giving an injection.
Treating a little girl.
The doctor is giving the girl a shot of medicine.
He is injecting the girl with a needle.
The doctor is giving a shot to a little girl.
The doctor is vaccinating the girl.
