A doctor is giving a girl a shot.
A girl is receiving an injection from a doctor.
A doctor gives a girl a shot.
A girl prepares to receive a shot.
A girl is receiving a shot from a doctor.
The doctor is giving a patient a shot in the arm.
The doctor is giving the girl a shot.
The girl is upset she's getting a shot from the doctor.
The doctor is giving a shot.
She is getting a shot.
A doctor is about to give a young girl an injection.
A young girl is plotting her escape from a doctor who is about to give her an injection.
The girl is getting a shot.
The doctor is giving the girl a shot.
The little girl is about to get a shot.
The doctor is about to give a shot to the girl.
The doctor prepares to vaccinate the young girl.
The young girls is unhappy because the doctor is about to poke her with a needle.
The girl is getting a shot from the doctor.
The girl is getting a shot in her arm from the doctor.
The doctor is giving a shot to the girl.
The girls is afraid to get her shot.
A doctor is about to give a girl a shot.
A girl is seeing a doctor for a shot.
The girl is getting a shot.
She doesn't like going to the doctors.
A doctor is about to give a little girl a shot.
A little girl is unhappy about getting a shot from her doctor.
The doctor is giving his patient a shot.
The little girl is not pleased with getting a shot at her doctor appointment.
girl is getting a shot.
doctor is giving the girl a shot.
girl is wondering if the shot will her pain.
the doctor is ready to inject the medicine in the arm of the girl.
A child is going to be vaccinated by a doctor.
A nervous young girl is waiting for the doctor to put a needle in her arm.
The doctor is giving the little girl a needle.
The little girl is sad that shes getting a needle.
The girl is getting a vaccine.
The doctor is giving the girl a vaccine.
A doctor is giving a shot to a girl.
A girl is getting a vaccine.
The girl is about to get a shot.
The doctor is about to give a shot.
A girl is about to get a shot.
A child is about to get a shot.
The little girl is about to get a shot from the doctor.
The little girl is sad about having to get a shot from the doctor.
The doctor wants to give the girl a shot.
The little girl is not happy and is afraid because she needs to get a shot from the doctor to keep her well.
A little girl is getting a shot from a doctor.
A doctor is giving a little girl a shot.
The doctor has told the wound lady that the shot he is to give her that it won't hurt.
The doctor is trying to assure the young lady that the shothe is giving her will protect her from a serious ailment.
The doctor is administering a vaccine.
The girl is getting a shot.
The girl looks worried.
The girl is about tooget a shot.
The doctor is giving a shot to a girl who is not happy.
An unhappy girl is getting a shot from a doctor.
The doctor is about to give the little girl a flu shot.
The little girl is scared to receive one of her vaccines.
An unhappy young girl gets a shot from the doctor.
The doctor is administering a shot to a little girl.
Susan is reconsidering the meth prescription.
Frank giving shots without gloves to a standing patient.
The girl is not looking forward the shot she is about to get!
The doctor is about to give a shot to an unhappy girl.
The doctor is about to give an unhappy little girl a shot.
The little girl is about to cry because the doctor is going to give her a shot.
A girl is going to get a vaccination.
The girl is worried it will hurt.
A little girl is about to get a shot from her pediatrician.
The doctor is about to give a shot to a frightened young girl.
The doctor is giving the little girl a shot.
The little girl is getting a shot from the doctor.
the girl is going to get a shot.
the doctor is going to give the girl a shot.
The doctor is giving a vaccination.
A little girl is scared of a needle.
The girl is getting a shot.
The dr is giving the girl a shot.
The doctor is giving a shot to a little girl and she is not happy about it.
The little girl is scared of the shot the doctor is about to give her.
She is getting a shot.
The doctor is administering a shot.
A child, who is about to receive an injection, looks nervous.
A doctor is about to give an injection to a nervous child.
The Doctor is preparing to give a shot to the girl.
The Doctor is preparing to give the girl a shot.
A child is about to get a needed vaccination.
A doctor is prepared to inoculate a child.
Child contemplates revenge!
If I don't look at the needle, it won't hurt as long.
I AM GETTING A SHOT TODAY.
I MIGHT CRY IF I GET A SHOT, BUT IT'S OK.
Girl is being vaccinated.
A girl is receiving her vaccines.
The doctor is giving a shot.
Little Veronica is worried that the flu vaccine that Doctor Anderson is about to give her will hurt.
A girl is getting a shot.
The doctor gives a girl a shot.
B.
J.
The girl is afraid to get a shot.
The doctor is prepared to immunize the nervous girl.
A girl is about to get a shot from her doctor.
A doctor is about to give a shot to a girl.
Doctor going to give young child a needle.
Young child is about to get a vaccination.
Vaccination.
Girl scared.
Hahahaha.
Hahaha.
Little girl receiving an STD vaccine from a victim of the disease.
Old guy with a bad toupee giving measles injection to a young girl who is missing a math exam at school to be at her DOC appt.
The doctor is going to give the girl a shot.
The girl is not very happy about receiving a shot today.
The girl is about to get a shot.
Dr Mengele is indulging in his favorite hobby.
The doctor is about to give a girl a shot.
The doctor is going to administer a vaccine.
The doctor is giving a shot.
The girl is getting her immunizations.
The doctor is giving the girl a shot.
The doctor is hoping to discover a cure for the zombie apocolypse using the girls blood.
The girl is about to get a shot.
The doctor is going to give the girl a shot.
The girl is upset about getting a shot.
She is being vaccinated.
The doctor is giving a little girl a shot.
A little girl is scared to get her shot.
The doctor is giving the girl a shot.
The girl is afraid of getting a shot.
The doctor is vaccinating the girl.
The girl is becoming angry because she believes she will become autistic after being vaccinated.
A girl is getting a shot.
A doctor is giving a shot to a little girl.
