A man is giving a woman directions.
A woman is asking a man for directions.
A girl asks a man for directions.
A man provides directions.
The woman is listening to directions.
Directions are being given to the woman.
The man is giving the woman directions.
The woman is asking the man for directions.
She is getting directions.
He is telling her where to go.
A young couple who are on a backpacking adventure are consulting a map following an argument about the route to be taken to reach their next destination.
A boyfriend is impatiently explaining how to use a map to his girlfriend.
The girl is asking directions.
The man is giving directions.
Two hikers are figuring out where to go.
A hiker is asking for directions.
The woman is lost and the man is explaining the way she needs to go.
The woman is receiving map directions from the man.
The couple is looking at the map.
The couple is standing and looking at the map.
The girl is getting directions.
The guy is telling the girl where to go.
A man is giving a woman directions.
A woman is looking at a map and getting directions.
The couple is hiking.
They are lost.
A man is giving a hiker directions.
A girl asked a man to help her use a map.
A man gives directions to a tourist.
The woman needs help figuring out where to go.
couple are looking at a map.
couple are exploring.
instructor is giving direction to the playground.
the girl is listening to what the man is explaing on her ipad.
A young man is giving directions to a female hiker.
A young man is helping a young girl find her way with a map.
The man is telling the lady which direction she needs to go in.
The man thinks they should go that way.
The girl is getting directions from the man.
The man is giving the girl directions.
A man is providing directions to a woman.
A hiker is asking for directions.
The couple is hiking.
The man is pointing out something on the map.
A man is giving a girl directions.
A girl is asking for directions.
Two people are looking at a map.
A man and a women are looking at a map.
The man is telling the girl where she needs to go.
The lost girl is getting directions from the man who is pointing the way she needs to go to get to what she wants to see.
A man is giving directions to a woman.
A woman is getting directions from a man.
The coach is helping a runner plot his route.
Little does to coach knot but the runner has been running all the possible routes in anticipation that they may be part of a race at some point.
The man is giving directions.
The woman is receiving directions.
The guy is showing the girl where to go.
The girl needed directions.
A lost couple is consulting a map.
A map is being consulted by a lost couple.
The couple is lost and trying to find their way back to camp.
The man is showing the woman which was is North.
Two travelers are looking at a map.
A woman holds and look at a map while a man points in a direction in reference to the map.
Brad is telling Angela she can't bring her ipad camping.
Ipad being ridiculed for wanting to go camping.
The man is showing the hiker directions on her map.
The hiker has asked the man for directions.
The hiking leader is very unhappy with what he is seeing.
The hiker is taking instructions from the hiking leader who is seemingly unhappy.
The person pointing their finger is helping the lost hiker.
The girl is holding a map.
A young girl is asking for directions.
One person is offering help to another who seems to be lost.
The woman is giving map directions to the woman.
The woman is obtaining directions from the man.
the guy is giving the girl directions.
the girl is getting directions.
The couple try to figure out directions.
The boyfriend is showing his girlfriend where to go.
He is giving her directions.
She is getting directions from the guy.
A backpacker is getting directions from a stranger.
The man is helping the backpacker find her way.
The girl is asking for directions.
The man is giving her directions.
A traveler is getting directions to a location.
A person is giving directions to a traveler.
The woman is getting directions from the man.
The man is giving directions to the woman.
A hiker gets directions from a willing stranger.
A person who is lost is getting assistance.
Man gives woman directions.
Traveler receives directions from local.
The man is giving directions.
Anna is asking directions from the nice man that she had met on the bus.
The couple looks at a map.
The man and woman look at a map.
J.
H.
The couple is lost.
The man is giving directions to the woman.
A man is giving directions to a woman.
Two people are looking at a map and deciding which way to go.
A man is helping a girl with finding a place.
Man is showing girl how to find something.
Lost.
Giving directions.
Hey.
Hey man.
Lecherous man giving bad directions to a naive woman on the trail.
Young woman pretending to be lost and then taking advantage of a man with jaundice.
The girl is lost and the man is telling her where to go.
They were not sure where to go so they took a look at the map.
The man is giving directions to the woman.
The man is directing the woman to a place where nobody can hear her screams when he takes her skin off to wear to the big party.
The man is giving the woman directions.
The man and woman are looking at a map.
The man is giving the directions.
The woman is lost.
The man is giving the girl directions.
The man is telling the girl where her father was last seen 10 years ago.
The man is giving directions to the woman.
The man is showing the woman which way to go.
They are trying to read a map.
He is pointing in the direction he thinks she should go.
A couple is looking at a map.
Two people are trying to figure out where to go.
The man is giving directions.
The girl is asking the man for directions.
The yellow people are trying to find their way back home.
The hiker with malaria asks the man with malaria if he knows the way to the nearest hospital.
A man is giving directions to a hiker.
A hiker is getting directions.
